README.md, before:

# Slippi-HUD
### A Slippi powered stream overlay
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Welcome to Slippi-HUD, a nodecg package that can be used to power all kinds of slippi powered melee streams. You can create your own custom HUD, or an auto updating stream overlay.

# Known Issues
None, lets go DragonBane0!!!!

# FAQ
### How do I use this?
[Use the Wiki](https://github.com/SSBDoppler/slippi-hud/wiki)
### Why, just Why?
I'm a madman, obviously
### Hey, my font doesn't look right.
That's not a question, but you likely need to install the [Metropolis Light Font](https://www.1001fonts.com/metropolis-font.html)
### I don't like the way it looks
And? All you have to do is make your own html/css, the source code is right here.
### What are all the variables I can call?
See that folder labeled schemas? There be the answers you seek.
### Whats this coded in?
Node, Javascript, and [Lit](https://lit.dev) as I understand.
# Credits
## Design Director
### Steven 'Doppler12' Knepper
#### Wrote the HUD css/html (that's my hackery), Designed the graphical elements, runs the git
SlippiHUD@gmail.com

## Lead Programmer
### Marwin 'dragonbane0' Misselhorn
#### wrote the whole backend that plugs into slippi
[website](https://misselhorn.xyz/)

[github](https://github.com/dragonbane0)

## Graphics
### Joel 'Potsy' Kaplan
##### Final HUD Art, the cool Logo
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/potsyjk)

## Special Thanks
### Jas Laferriere and the Slippi team
#### Slippi
[Project Slippi](https://github.com/project-slippi)

### David Kimball
#### Melee HD Assets
[website](http://davidvkimball.com)

Commit message:

Version 1.2.3
Added Debug template to make it easier for users to make their own slippiHUD overlay.

README.md, after:

# Slippi-HUD
### A Slippi powered stream overlay
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Welcome to Slippi-HUD, a nodecg package that can be used to power all kinds of slippi powered melee streams. You can create your own custom HUD, or an auto updating stream overlay.

# Known Issues
None, lets go DragonBane0!!!!

# FAQ
### How do I use this?
[Use the Wiki](https://github.com/SSBDoppler/slippi-hud/wiki)
### Why, just Why?
I'm a madman, obviously
### Hey, my font doesn't look right.
That's not a question, but you likely need to install the [Metropolis Light and Metropolis Black Fonts](https://www.1001fonts.com/metropolis-font.html)
### I don't like the way it looks
And? All you have to do is make your own html/css, the source code is right here.
### What are all the variables I can call?
The Debug template contains the answers you seek.
### Whats this coded in?
Node, Javascript, and [Lit](https://lit.dev) as I understand.
# Credits
## Design Director
### Steven 'Doppler12' Knepper
#### Wrote the HUD css/html (that's my hackery), Designed the graphical elements, runs the git
SlippiHUD@gmail.com

## Lead Programmer
### Marwin 'dragonbane0' Misselhorn
#### wrote the whole backend that plugs into slippi
[website](https://misselhorn.xyz/)

[github](https://github.com/dragonbane0)

## Graphics
### Joel 'Potsy' Kaplan
##### Final HUD Art, the cool Logo
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/potsyjk)

## Special Thanks
### Jas Laferriere and the Slippi team
#### Slippi
[Project Slippi](https://github.com/project-slippi)

### David Kimball
#### Melee HD Assets
[website](http://davidvkimball.com)
